README.md, before:

bugs

1. (done) main nav border bottom issue - part of top purple banner disappears when I hover over it
2. (done) submenu - hovering over any part of the list item should underline it
3. (done) Dropdown should be center aligned to its list-item-main-dropdown item
4. main nav overflows the header; body has overflow (media query?)
5. (done) WTA dropdown menu is too narrow, content should fit on one line
6. (done) WTA vertical dropdown is not aligned with the other dropdowm (change top to rem units?)
7. clicking anywhere on the link on main nav li should take me to the page, only works for clicking the actual anchor tag
8. Fix the font across the site to be less bold in some places

todo

1. (done) add dropdown animation
2. (done) add arrows to main nav, dropdown menu box
3. add scores page
4. add purple underline when you are on scores page (or any active page) - might need javascript
5. Add ranking, checkmark next to winner in the match box
6. (done) Camila Giorgi pic
7. Media query on the player page

Commit message:

tournament-aside-wrappers flexed, no padding yet

README.md, after:

bugs

1. (done) main nav border bottom issue - part of top purple banner disappears when I hover over it
2. (done) submenu - hovering over any part of the list item should underline it
3. (done) Dropdown should be center aligned to its list-item-main-dropdown item
4. main nav overflows the header; body has overflow (media query?)
5. (done) WTA dropdown menu is too narrow, content should fit on one line
6. (done) WTA vertical dropdown is not aligned with the other dropdowm (change top to rem units?)
7. clicking anywhere on the link on main nav li should take me to the page, only works for clicking the actual anchor tag
8. Fix the font across the site to be less bold in some places
9. Main nav bar should not overlap the surface and tournaments aside on the scores page.
10. Need new main logo

todo

1. (done) add dropdown animation
2. (done) add arrows to main nav, dropdown menu box
3. add scores page
4. add purple underline when you are on scores page (or any active page) - might need javascript
5. Add ranking, checkmark next to winner in the match box
6. (done) Camila Giorgi pic
7. Media query on the player page
